Brother Xiaoyu
He's back!
So tired
Thanks for your hard work, baby.
By the way, Brother Xiaoyu
Now Antou is on sale.
The big show at the meeting
Wang Lei has been angered
Don't think about him
In order for you to stay in the company in the future
I think
You'd better divorce him as soon as possible
Did Wang Lei say something to you?
Minister Wang is very angry today
He said he wouldn't let An Tong go
Besides, you work under Wang Lei
If there is any contact with An Tong again
How will you live with the company in the future?
He can't get his head on
But you are his subordinate
It's not easy for him to mess with you
Brother Xiaoyu, think about it
An Tong's position was higher than yours
If he gets another promotion
It's not pressing you everywhere
So what will those colleagues in the company think?
They will only mock you for your incompetence
The wife has become the general manager
You are still a little round
Even you think so, don't you?
No no no no you think so
We chose Minister Wang
That would be a very different outcome.
Imagine if he became the general manager
Then aren't you a minister?
On an equal footing with An Tong in the company
Besides, An Tong is now alone
He has no ability to fight us at all